Account: Rename administrator account	Rename the 'Administrator' account name	CasSourceAdmin		The security option settings include multiple settings that enable or disable security settings for the server, such as digital signing of data, Administrator and guest account names, floppy drive and CD ROM access, driver installation and logon prompts	Ensure security options are enabled as recommended in below table. To configure security options settings,1. Press Windows key > type Run and type gpedit.msc.2. Expand Computer Configuration > Windows Settings > Security Settings > Local Policies > Security Options and configure the settings with the values as suggested in Appendix 3:	Computer Configuration\Policies\Windows Settings\Security Settings\Local Policies\Security Options\Accounts: Rename administrator account	In some organizations, it can be a daunting management challenge to maintain a regular schedule for periodic password changes for local accounts. Therefore, you may want to disable the built-in Administrator account instead of relying on regular password changes to protect it from attack.
Prevent access to the about:flags page in Microsoft Edge	Enabled	Overrides enabled (allow flags & cmdline)			Navigate to the UI Path articulated in the Implementation section and confirm it is set as prescribed.	Computer Configuration\Policies\Administrative Templates\Windows Components\Microsoft Edge	No impact. When installed and registered properly, AdmPwd.dll takes no action unless given appropriate GPO commands during Group Policy refresh. It is not a memory-resident agent or service.
Prevent using Localhost IP address for WebRTC	Enabled	1			Navigate to the UI Path articulated in the Implementation section and confirm it is set as prescribed.	Computer Configuration\Policies\Administrative Templates\Windows Components\Microsoft Edge	No impact. When installed and registered properly, AdmPwd.dll takes no action unless given appropriate GPO commands during Group Policy refresh. It is not a memory-resident agent or service.
Notify antivirus programs when opening attachments	Enabled	splunk : Value Not Found CasSourceAdmin : Value Not Found			Navigate to the UI Path articulated in the Implementation section and confirm it is set as prescribed.	User Configuration\Policies\Administrative Templates\Windows Components\Attachment Manager\	No impact. When installed and registered properly, AdmPwd.dll takes no action unless given appropriate GPO commands during Group Policy refresh. It is not a memory-resident agent or service.
Prevent Codec Download	Enabled	splunk : Value Not Found CasSourceAdmin : Value Not Found			Navigate to the UI Path articulated in the Implementation section and confirm it is set as prescribed.	User Configuration\Policies\Administrative Templates\Windows Components\Windows Media Player\Playback\Prevent Codec Download	No impact. When installed and registered properly, AdmPwd.dll takes no action unless given appropriate GPO commands during Group Policy refresh. It is not a memory-resident agent or service.
