5	5.22	Allow Extensions	Disabled	Not Configured		Navigate to the UI Path articulated in the Implementation section and confirm it is set as prescribed.	Computer Configuration\Policies\Administrative Templates\Windows Components\Microsoft Edge	No impact. When installed and registered properly, AdmPwd.dll takes no action unless given appropriate GPO commands during Group Policy refresh. It is not a memory-resident agent or service.
5	5.23	Allow InPrivate Browsing	Disabled	Not Configured		Navigate to the UI Path articulated in the Implementation section and confirm it is set as prescribed.	Computer Configuration\Policies\Administrative Templates\Windows Components\Microsoft Edge	No impact. When installed and registered properly, AdmPwd.dll takes no action unless given appropriate GPO commands during Group Policy refresh. It is not a memory-resident agent or service.
5	5.24	Configure cookies	Enabled: Block only 3rd-party cookies' or higher	Not Configured		Navigate to the UI Path articulated in the Implementation section and confirm it is set as prescribed.	Computer Configuration\Policies\Administrative Templates\Windows Components\Microsoft Edge	No impact. When installed and registered properly, AdmPwd.dll takes no action unless given appropriate GPO commands during Group Policy refresh. It is not a memory-resident agent or service.
5	5.26	Configure Pop-up Blocker	Enabled	Not Configured		Navigate to the UI Path articulated in the Implementation section and confirm it is set as prescribed.	Computer Configuration\Policies\Administrative Templates\Windows Components\Microsoft Edge	No impact. When installed and registered properly, AdmPwd.dll takes no action unless given appropriate GPO commands during Group Policy refresh. It is not a memory-resident agent or service.
5	5.27	Configure search suggestions in Address bar	Enabled	Not Configured		Navigate to the UI Path articulated in the Implementation section and confirm it is set as prescribed.	Computer Configuration\Policies\Administrative Templates\Windows Components\Microsoft Edge	No impact. When installed and registered properly, AdmPwd.dll takes no action unless given appropriate GPO commands during Group Policy refresh. It is not a memory-resident agent or service.
5	5.29	Prevent access to the about:flags page in Microsoft Edge	Enabled	Not Configured		Navigate to the UI Path articulated in the Implementation section and confirm it is set as prescribed.	Computer Configuration\Policies\Administrative Templates\Windows Components\Microsoft Edge	No impact. When installed and registered properly, AdmPwd.dll takes no action unless given appropriate GPO commands during Group Policy refresh. It is not a memory-resident agent or service.
5	5.31	Prevent bypassing SmartScreen prompts for sites	Enabled	Not Configured		Navigate to the UI Path articulated in the Implementation section and confirm it is set as prescribed.	Computer Configuration\Policies\Administrative Templates\Windows Components\Microsoft Edge	No impact. When installed and registered properly, AdmPwd.dll takes no action unless given appropriate GPO commands during Group Policy refresh. It is not a memory-resident agent or service.
5	5.32	Prevent using Localhost IP address for WebRTC	Enabled	Not Configured (exposes local IP)		Navigate to the UI Path articulated in the Implementation section and confirm it is set as prescribed.	Computer Configuration\Policies\Administrative Templates\Windows Components\Microsoft Edge	No impact. When installed and registered properly, AdmPwd.dll takes no action unless given appropriate GPO commands during Group Policy refresh. It is not a memory-resident agent or service.
